README.md, before:

# Rocket_Elevators_Controllers


Site is now online at https://faridrocket.com/.

Admin,  role: employee :    admin@hotmail.com/////111111 (6 times 1)
User,   role: user :        user@hotmail.com/////111111  (6 times 1)

# Week 11 - Quality and TDD
    Principal requirement: 
    Feature:
        API NAME: COVID-19 (1.0.2)
        https://api-sports.io/documentation/covid-19

        related file in my app:
            lib/ElevatorMedia.rb
            spec/elevator_media_spec.rb
        Description: 
            ElevatorMedia.rb contains two methods (APIConnect and getContent) the earlier make a configure the call toward the COVID-10 API, which returns a JSON of latest statistics based on requested country. The second method call the API for Canada statistics and prepare a short HTML output

            The output is employed to put a COVID-19 message on the header of all the pages of the application (generated by application.html.erb). 

            There are 5 tests in elevator_media_spec.rb which evaluate the behaviour of previously mentioned methods.
    Bonus
        Feature of the test:    
        1-  Signup page
        test file: spec/login_spec.rb
        description:
            first test simulates a signup process by filling the form and creating a new user. It then enters the Edit Profile page which is just accessible for a user.
        2- Submission form
        test file: spec/submission_spec.rb
        description:
            signup a user and test the form and submission button using Capybara finder/matcher features.
            this test will use Selenium_chrom as defult driver therefore, one may see all the steps in a browser.

        3- Intervention page
        test file: spec/intervention_spec.rb
        description:
            signup a user and mock the is_employee? method
            tThen we have access to the intervention page to create a new one. One may see all the steps in a browser.
    
        Configuration in 
            rails_helper.rb
            spec_helper.rb
        installed gem:
            gem 'rspec', '~> 3.9'
            gem 'rspec-rails', '~> 4.0.0'

# Week 10 - Security
    report document : https://docs.google.com/document/d/15NBUpdYKrcgevAiMQrtobrjU0qF2Yh-JDKDbrbXbUxQ/edit

# Week 9 - Consolidation
    # Intervention page
    The intervention section is only accessible to the "employees". So please login with Admin Email to check this page.
    you may want to check the intevention form in the code at app>views>intervention>_form.html.rb
    related controller is at app>controller>interventions_controller.rb
    Here are the main part of this section:
    - A new scaffold for interventions (model, views and controller)
    - A new form based on the requirements
    - Cascade menue style in the form


    Steps to test the API:
    /!\ There is already and admin account. For the test, I would suggest to also create an user account to test the authorization.
    # Zendesk
        1- log in as an employee using admin credentials (provided above)
        2- Fill a new intervention form at https://faridrocket.com/interventions/new
        3- Then access our Zendesk account online at https://www.zendesk.com/login/
        4- Use the credentials already sent to the client
        5- Access the "Views" page to check out the received tickets

    # REST API
        There is a separate GitHub repository for this API at https://github.com/virtualutopia/Rocket-Elevator-Foundation-RESTapi.git
        
        The requested requirements for managing interventions are: 
        1- Retrieving list of pending intervention using  => 
        GET:  https://restapirocketelevator.azurewebsites.net/api/intervention/pending 

        2- Changing the status of a specific intervention to “Inprogress” using => 
        PUT: https://restapirocketelevator.azurewebsites.net/api/intervention/Inprogress/{id}
        Just put an empty {} in the body. The start date and status will be updated; 

        3- Changing the status of a specific intervention to “Completed” using => 
        PUT: https://restapirocketelevator.azurewebsites.net/api/intervention/ completed /{id}
        Just put a {} in the body. The end date and status will be updated; 


        You may  also have the following option 

        -  List of interventions using => GET…/api/intervention; 

        - Delete a specific intervention using => DELETE …/api/intervention/{id} 




Should you need any further information, do not hesitate to contact me.
Farid

Commit message:

Zendesk commented out from pages_controller

README.md, after:

# Rocket_Elevators


Site is now online at https://faridrocket.com/.

Admin,  role: employee :    admin@hotmail.com/////111111 (6 times 1)
User,   role: user :        user@hotmail.com/////111111  (6 times 1)

# Week 14 DevOps

A new server instance is created on AWS > LightSail
Puma is employed as APP-server
NGINX is installed  and configured as web-server 


Monitoring and Survey tool
Google Analytics is configured and sound is placed at all pages header. some Goals are set for further analytics.

NewRelic metrics are embeded in the application and it is now surveyed by this tool.

**Credentials for GA and NewRelic are sent to client via Deliverable page.

# Week 11 - Quality and TDD
    Principal requirement: 
    Feature:
        API NAME: COVID-19 (1.0.2)
        https://api-sports.io/documentation/covid-19

        related file in my app:
            lib/ElevatorMedia.rb
            spec/elevator_media_spec.rb
        Description: 
            ElevatorMedia.rb contains two methods (APIConnect and getContent) the earlier make a configure the call toward the COVID-10 API, which returns a JSON of latest statistics based on requested country. The second method call the API for Canada statistics and prepare a short HTML output

            The output is employed to put a COVID-19 message on the header of all the pages of the application (generated by application.html.erb). 

            There are 5 tests in elevator_media_spec.rb which evaluate the behaviour of previously mentioned methods.
    Bonus
        Feature of the test:    
        1-  Signup page
        test file: spec/login_spec.rb
        description:
            first test simulates a signup process by filling the form and creating a new user. It then enters the Edit Profile page which is just accessible for a user.
        2- Submission form
        test file: spec/submission_spec.rb
        description:
            signup a user and test the form and submission button using Capybara finder/matcher features.
            this test will use Selenium_chrom as defult driver therefore, one may see all the steps in a browser.

        3- Intervention page
        test file: spec/intervention_spec.rb
        description:
            signup a user and mock the is_employee? method
            tThen we have access to the intervention page to create a new one. One may see all the steps in a browser.
    
        Configuration in 
            rails_helper.rb
            spec_helper.rb
        installed gem:
            gem 'rspec', '~> 3.9'
            gem 'rspec-rails', '~> 4.0.0'

# Week 10 - Security
    report document : https://docs.google.com/document/d/15NBUpdYKrcgevAiMQrtobrjU0qF2Yh-JDKDbrbXbUxQ/edit

# Week 9 - Consolidation
    # Intervention page
    The intervention section is only accessible to the "employees". So please login with Admin Email to check this page.
    you may want to check the intevention form in the code at app>views>intervention>_form.html.rb
    related controller is at app>controller>interventions_controller.rb
    Here are the main part of this section:
    - A new scaffold for interventions (model, views and controller)
    - A new form based on the requirements
    - Cascade menue style in the form


    Steps to test the API:
    /!\ There is already and admin account. For the test, I would suggest to also create an user account to test the authorization.
    # Zendesk
        1- log in as an employee using admin credentials (provided above)
        2- Fill a new intervention form at https://faridrocket.com/interventions/new
        3- Then access our Zendesk account online at https://www.zendesk.com/login/
        4- Use the credentials already sent to the client
        5- Access the "Views" page to check out the received tickets

    # REST API
        There is a separate GitHub repository for this API at https://github.com/virtualutopia/Rocket-Elevator-Foundation-RESTapi.git
        
        The requested requirements for managing interventions are: 
        1- Retrieving list of pending intervention using  => 
        GET:  https://restapirocketelevator.azurewebsites.net/api/intervention/pending 

        2- Changing the status of a specific intervention to “Inprogress” using => 
        PUT: https://restapirocketelevator.azurewebsites.net/api/intervention/Inprogress/{id}
        Just put an empty {} in the body. The start date and status will be updated; 

        3- Changing the status of a specific intervention to “Completed” using => 
        PUT: https://restapirocketelevator.azurewebsites.net/api/intervention/ completed /{id}
        Just put a {} in the body. The end date and status will be updated; 


        You may  also have the following option 

        -  List of interventions using => GET…/api/intervention; 

        - Delete a specific intervention using => DELETE …/api/intervention/{id} 




Should you need any further information, do not hesitate to contact me.
Farid
